Update dependency locking docs (#21552)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/dep-man/02-declaring-dependency-versions/dependency_locking.adoc

* Run `gradle dependencies --write-locks`.
This will effectively lock all resolvable configurations that have locking enabled.
Note that in a multi project setup, `dependencies` only is executed on _one_ project, the root one in this case.

> * Declare a custom task that will resolve all configurations. Please note that this does not work for Android projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Declare a custom task that resolves all configurations. This does not work for Android projects.
```

Suggestion: trim some unneeded words.
